Subtitles by DramaFever
[This program is suitable
for viewers ages 15 and up.]
Who... are you?
Is there such a thing as fate?
If there is,
I'm out of luck in this life.
My life is way too tangled up.
Yes, Big Brother.
Please do this for me.
Please help me.
Will I be able to find some hope?
In my life, nothing was ever easy.
It was hard getting into college.
And graduating was even harder.
- I found out later...
- Number 13, Kang Sung Ho?
that finding a job is the hardest part.
[We're a family.]
I barely managed to
get into a tiny company.
How could family fire one another?
Hey, when will you stop living that way?
I'll scout you,
so work for us as a chief.
- A chief?
- You can be a director if you want.
Hey, I'm the president.
I can get you any position you want.
Wow, but hey, what business do you run?
Have you heard of anyone
getting rich by saving money?
Have you ever heard of becoming
a business tycoon with life savings?
That's not how you make money, everyone.
We buy 500 coffee roasters
that cost 8 million won
and we lend them
to coffee establishments.
If you buy three, you'll become a chief.
If you buy six,
you'll become a head chief.
If you buy 9, you'll become
a director. If you buy 12...
you will become a president,
with a formal business license.
Who? That's right, you.
Hey, if you invest 8 million won,
you can make 10 million a month.
- Hey, do you want to die?
- Who says we can't be rich?
You can be rich! I'm not interested!
This is a great opportunity.
You'll probably thank me later.
Build pyramids in Egypt, not in Korea!
Hey.
Move.
Your friend wouldn't
bring you to a bad place.
- Let go!
- Hey, come on.
Are they fighting?
- Stay for another hour.
- I'll report you to the police!
If you leave like this,
you'll embarrass me.
Please move out of the way.
President Bong's friend
shouldn't act this way.
Please go inside.
Geez, what the heck?
You're leaving, right?
Geez, let's go.
Hey, Kyung Jae.
It's possible. I'm already
a president! I'm already...
How can I trust you, you bastard?
I'm taking the subway from here.
Are you okay? Can you walk?
Geez, I only hurt my ankle.
My legs are fine.
Okay, then I'll get going.
Thank you for today.
Here.
Excuse me!
Can I give you my number?
I'll give it to you. It's 010 9102...
I'm sorry! Are you okay? I'm sorry!
Are you okay? What do we do?
Does it hurt?
It's 010...
9102...
I liked her because she was pretty.
I liked her because
she was kind and pretty.
- I want that.
- I liked her because she was kind
pretty, and honest.
Don't go on your computer
until late at night.
And don't snack too much at night either.
I'll go now. Goodnight.
Wait.
Do you want to eat chicken gizzard?
Nothing ever went my way until now.
Love was the only thing that went my way.
If I think about it,
love was the easiest.
[Love is the easiest.]
Who... are you?
I'm...
- Me?
- Who are you, really?
I'm San Ma Ru.
Who are you to do this to me?
You're not important. You're just
a tourist who's here for three days.
Why are you doing this to me
all of a sudden?
I'm sorry. I didn't want
to put on the chastity belt.
I did, but I didn't know
it'd turn out this way.
But I'm not saying I should be
forgiven because I didn't know.
I'm sorry. Please forgive me.
I'm not talking about the chastity belt!
Then what is this about?
I'm saying... you're my destined love.
Meet me in the hotel lobby
at 8 a.m. tomorrow morning.
The others will start their day,
and you will head to the airport.
I'll see you tomorrow.
Something happened, right?
Are we banned? Were you scolded?
Talk to me. How can I help?
Something did happen.
Nothing happened.
I'll go see the mayor.
I'll fight, beg, or beat him up.
I'll do everything I can
so you're not harmed.
- Where are you going?
- To see the mayor.
That's not it!
No, I'll take the responsibility.
Ma Ru! San Ma Ru!
It's not that way!
It's not that way either!
It's this way. Follow me.
Where are you going
when you don't know the way?
Is the mayor waiting to see you?
Do you think he'll
invite you in for a chat?
You can't speak French.
What will you say to him?
I didn't think that far ahead.
But it's my responsibility,
so I'll take care of it.
I'm... a guide.
The tourists are under my responsibility
during their stay here, including you.
So please behave while you're here
and make it easier for me.
I'm not an irresponsible person.
He could be going home soon. Let's hurry.
I don't even know why we fought.
Hey, you're smellier. Go take a poop.
- It wasn't worth fighting over.
- Yes, Big Brother!
Fine, go back.
Fighting and making up
became a daily routine.
There's nothing special about love.
That's what he said to me.
We eat together.
- Let's eat!
- We cook together.
- Enjoy.
- We order delivery.
- Or we don't eat at all.
- Huh?
What's wrong this time?
Where are you going?
- Geez, it took so long...
- We cooked for one another.
And cleaned up afterward.
Love is also a part of making a living.
It's just that making a living
is the hardest thing in the world.
It doesn't even startle me anymore.
- Did you eat?
- I'm not hungry.
Hey, I bought wine.
I bought this wine...
coconut oil for constipation...
and these cookies that are
supposed to bring good fortune.
I'm not interested.
Geez, seriously.
I'm sorry. It was my fault.
Forgive me.
I'm tired. I'm going to sleep.
Hey, I said, I'm sorry.
Hey, why are you acting like this?
Do you have to do this in France?
Hey, hey, hey! I bought wine,
so don't open that!
Hey! Hey!
You're the one who's ruining the trip.
You were annoyed
and on the phone all day!
Are you saying sorry
because you're actually sorry?
Our future depends on it,
so what else could I do?
We'll introduce it as
"Smart City," or "All City."
If we're lucky, we can get at least 10
to a maximum of 30.
- You mean...
- Three billion won.
Including the processing fee.
That's not all. I'll give
the company a share too.
Don't worry about the investments,
and focus on growing the company.
And I'll invest 30 million won,
so use that for your operation costs.
- Thank you, Senior.
- Call me Big Brother.
Yes, Big Brother.
And, by the way
do you think I'll get the investments
by mid-next month?
Probably. Why? Is it urgent?
It's my seventh anniversary
with my girlfriend next month.
Geez, what a loyal couple you are.
Yes, so I wanted to take her
on vacation and prepare an event
so I can propose.
Yeah, a man needs a house to get married.
If you get the investments,
marriage is no trouble at all.
Yes.
"Thank you for waiting so long.
Let's get married."
"I got the investments,
and the business will go well."
"I won't give you a hard time."
I brought you here because
I wanted to tell you that.
Yes, Big Brother.
You said we'd find out by today.
It's not going to work?
That's not it.
Big Brother, you said we'd get at least
one billion won. How could you do this?
Senior, I'm begging you.
I'm fine with 300 to 400 million won,
so give me some breathing room.
You can double the processing fee
and I'll give you a larger share.
Yes.
It turns out...
nothing ever works out for me.
So can't you go easy on me?
Can't you comfort me?
- I'm going to sleep.
- Hey, So Ran.
It was a call from the senior who
was going to connect me with investors.
- I had no choice but to answer...
- I don't want to hear it.
If this works out, we'll be problem-free.
I know it's difficult,
but this is for our future.
I'm sick of this.
I'm lonely.
Why did you come here?
Why did you come to France of all places?
Flights to Italy were sold out.
Why did you come alone?
You have a girlfriend.
- We fought.
- That's why you came alone?
My girlfriend didn't come to the airport.
On the day of departure?
Without notice?
How did you fight?
I did nothing wrong.
All men say this.
They say they did nothing wrong.
I really did nothing wrong.
You don't know why we fought.
The process of fighting
is when women get hurt the most.
So how you fight is important.
But not to most men.
To them, why they fought
is the most important.
- That's not always true.
- For example
let's say you fought with your
girlfriend, so you drank with a friend.
She hasn't been answering my calls
because we fought yesterday.
Then what does your friend say?
Why? Why did you fight?
Then, did you win or lose?
Isn't that right?
- I guess.
- If it were my friend...
How did you fight?
Wait, what did she say?
I fought with Evian...
so he left the house.
How did you fight?
Don't just think about why you fought.
Think about how you fought, too.
Think about it and see
if you're still not at fault.
You're right. I hadn't thought that far.
I did nothing wrong.
Why did you fight?
There was a problem at work.
I thought we'd think the same way.
Was anyone ever rewarded for
uncovering a company's corruption?
Yeah, in the United States
and Europe, they reward them...
Not in the United States
or Europe, but in Korea.
Was anyone rewarded in Korea?
Anyone?
- In the future.
- Maybe, but not now.
You'll be punished for stabbing them
in the back, dooming you in society.
You won't get another job.
You'll be a loser forever.
- That's the reality.
- The reality isn't right.
Isn't it also wrong... to ignore reality?
I reported it to the section chief,
and an investigation began
but they only investigated me.
You were planning to
bring the company down.
How did you get these documents?
It's illegal to access secret documents
with your superior's ID and password.
Who told you to do it?
I'm sure it was someone.
- Where's the file?
I left for my vacation the next day.
And my girlfriend didn't come.
You were brave to take
a vacation in that situation.
I might have run away.
Is that why you're going to go back?
Will it change anything?
Absence without leave isn't right.
Vacation isn't a company benefit,
but the employee's right.
Aren't you giving up your future
if you give that up?
I wish she could have said that.
But I can't live with someone
who gave up on his future.
- What do you mean?
- This is what they say in our country.
If you play and rest all you want,
you won't have a future.
But you're saying the opposite.
- If I only work, I'll have no future.
- You'll have a future at the company.
But it's quite strange, isn't it?
We only think that the company
is keeping us alive.
We never think that we're keeping
the company alive.
Why do you think that is?
No matter how much we feed
companies, they're never full.
It's strange.
The company isn't an enemy or a friend.
You can't betray them,
but you can't trust them either.
But one thing's for sure.
You did nothing wrong.
You're the first person to say that.
You did the right thing.
So don't go back as if
you've done something wrong.
Who told you to slam the door?
I ended up leaking everywhere!
I told you to close the door
when you pee! You're like a dog!
A dog? A dog?
You can't say that!
- I'm sorry.
- What's wrong?
Did you fight with that woman?
Why are you getting annoyed at me?
I knew this would happen since you
asked me to come on this secret trip.
I didn't get annoyed.
I'm annoyed.
I'm sorry.
I'll close the door from now on.
- Are you happy?
- No.
Pay a fine of 100,000 won.
Wow, you only talk about money.
Do you think it's wasteful? You said
you'd pay me as much as you love me.
I don't think it's wasteful at all.
It's never a waste on you.
You're so cute.
100,000 won is 70 euros.
- Give me 80 euros.
- I don't want to.
I'll give you 100 euros.
- Thank you.
- You're so cute.
I'm still annoyed,
so I want some time alone.
Yeah, I got it.
I told you to dress warm.
Why did you catch a cold?
It's not a cold. It's just phlegm.
Phlegm? Yeah, right.
You should have come back early!
Why did you stay out so late?
- That's why you're sick!
- We came all the way here
so I wanted to sightsee...
I'm sorry. It's my fault.
- Take your medicine.
- Yeah.
Gosh, I'll take it.
You should worry about
your health before medicine.
Your medicine won't help...
Geez, this woman.
I know the way. I can go on my own.
I said you're my responsibility
until you leave France.
Aren't you tired?
Why did you stare at it for so long?
I don't know when I'll be back.
I'm sad. I really like this place.
I hate this place.
Why? You said this is
the best place in France.
Did you hear about
the long-living banana?
They put one banana on the floor,
and hung one banana from the ceiling.
The banana on the floor
realized it died, and turned black.
But the banana in the air
thought it was still alive
so it stayed fresh.
I feel that way every time I come here.
I was the banana
hanging from the ceiling.
I already died, but I deluded myself
into thinking I was alive, and endured.
Hey, that's...
a load of bananas.
I... got married here.
You... got married?
Yes.
Right over there.
Wait, was it there?
I don't remember that either.
Congratulations on your marriage.
I ran away from home with that man.
I didn't even have a wedding dress,
anyone's blessing
or anyone to curse at us.
It was just the two of us.
I think I wore a white dress.
What was he wearing?
I don't remember that either.
I really don't.
I don't remember his face,
or the sound of his breathing.
I forgot everything.
That man...
Was he...
But that bastard...
No, I ran away.
I ran away far away from him.
I ran away so far
that I forgot about him.
I can't get caught. I did nothing wrong.
I didn't want to come here, but...
"This is the most beautiful place
in the world made by God's revelation"
"and human belief, everyone."
This is what I'm doing, like a fool.
I finally managed to run away from here
but they said
I'd meet my true love here.
At the statue of
Saint Michael the Archangel.
- Isn't that funny?
- You won't meet him, then.
You can't go up there.
What if I can?
- Then you'll meet him.
- Do you think so?
If you believe in destiny.
I don't believe in that.
It's all nonsense.
I become friends
with the tourists on their last day.
It seems like I said a lot of nonsense.
Shall we go now?
Is that why you kept
riding the merry-go-round?
Pardon?
No matter how long you ride it,
you come back to the same place.
The same place and time
you've wanted to come back to.
Isn't that why you ride it?
I ride it to pass the time.
Then don't cry. If you cry,
you can't start over.
Don't blame yourself,
and when your destined love appears
blame him for showing up so late.
Okay?
I don't believe in destiny though.
You'll meet a cool man,
even if you don't believe in it.
Because you're a cool woman.
[DF Ver] E05 The Package
-= Ruo Xi =-
Women often make mistakes
when they're lonely.
Men do that too.
At times, the mistake is caused
by the desire to make a mistake.
Are you okay? Does it hurt?
You could have used your words
instead of your bottle.
My mouth was occupied though.
At times, "mistake" is a cowardly word
we use to hide our true feelings.
I'm sorry. I made a mistake...
I made a mistake too.
- Thank you for today.
- Thank you.
I'm crazy. I've lost it.
- So So!
- I'm going crazy.
Wait!
You forgot your bag!
So So! Slow down! Your bag!
- Don't you have to go back upstairs?
- Hey, if you're a man
it's all over after you
close the door and leave.
Your woman has to run over
and apologize on her knees
with her head down before you go
back into the room. Don't you agree?
Yes.
But... is your travel partner
your girlfriend or your daughter?
She's like a daughter who's my
girlfriend, and the other way around.
It's a mess.
Isn't the beer bland?
In France, all the food
and drinks are bland.
Would you like to go full out?
This is called a "Wine Bomb."
30 percent white wine and 70 percent
red wine creates a strong flavor.
Wow, I learned something important today.
Give it to me. I'll pour you a glass.
Here.
What are you doing?
Yes, pour it for me.
I'm an elder. You're being so rude.
You don't know drinking
etiquette. Use two hands.
No, this is how you're
supposed to receive wine.
It doesn't matter what drink it is.
You can't receive it with one hand.
Drinking etiquette doesn't differ
depending on drinks. Use both hands.
Sure, I apologize.
You should have done
that from the start. Here.
This is 30 percent.
And this is 70 percent.
- That's enough, sir.
- Hey, it's better when it's full.
- Yes, thank you.
- Ready?
We have to chug our first glass, sir.
Sounds good! Let's make
a drinking wave. Cheers!
Cheers!
Aren't you going to cheers?
- Yes, I will.
- Again.
- Cheers!
Today is an especially
pitiful day in my life.
Although, it was always pitiful.
Hey.
Who taught you to glare at your man?
Mom, why are you getting mad at me?
- Is it red?
- Hey, it's not red.
It's not bleeding. You won't die.
I don't know. I'm annoyed.
Geez, seriously.
You did nothing wrong. You should
fool around and live a fun life.
By the way, when are you
going to get married?
It's not good to make
a woman wait too long.
Yes, of course, Mother.
That's when I promised myself
that I wouldn't make her wait any longer.
Drink! Drink! Drink!
Hey, Kids! Kids! Kids!
Drink! Drink! You should drink! Enjoy it!
I'm sorry.
I was rude.
- Did you sleep well?
- Yes.
- Have you eaten?
We will complete yesterday's
schedule in the morning
and you'll have free time
in the afternoon.
San Ma Ru will go back to Korea
today because of work.
We've gotten close on this trip.
Aren't you sad?
Yes.
Then, let's get on the bus.
The rental car is here. You can go now.
Okay.
Please come this way.
- Are you going back to work?
- Yes.
You're a good man.
When I worked at a company...
When was it? During the 1988 Olympics?
Back then, our athletes won
12 medals after only eating ramen.
That's the kind of mindset
we need to bring back in Korea.
- It's a pharmaceutical company, right?
- Yes.
You have a lot of cancer
medicine there, right?
Cancer medicine?
- Anticancer drugs?
- That's the one!
You must have good medicine
that hasn't been released yet.
The kind that cures cancer
and brings back appetites.
But that's not what
our department works with.
Please look for it anyway. If you help me
I'll treat you as
our VIP customer forever.
- I'll call you in Korea.
- Okay.
Thank you for everything.
And I'm sorry in many ways.
If you get a call...
Yes, that's fine. Call me anytime.
Not me, but the
travel agency's call center.
If they ask you to rate your
satisfaction, please give me a 10.
I'll give you a 10.
Thank you. Travel safely.
Ma Ru is getting on the plane today.
I bet he won't come today either.
He'll drag it out and attack us
when we have our guard down.
Who can guarantee he's not
talking to reporters there?
He wouldn't do that.
Even if we can block
the media from talking
what if he hands it over
to another business?
Do you have proof he doesn't
have the documents?
He doesn't have anything to hand over.
I collected all the documents
- and I don't think he has the file.
- If he does...
who will take the responsibility
if he attacks us with it?
The CEO? The president?
No way.
The section chief, me,
and you will suffer for it.
- You know that, right?
- Yes.
We could get used and fired too.
Did you search everywhere?
I did.
His computer, his server,
and his computer at home.
Isn't it fascinating? That's my first
laptop I bought with my part-time job.
You still have this?
This is my time capsule.
All my secrets are on it.
I'll get going first, Chief.
Come here.
Why is everyone seated this way?
You didn't fight last night, did you?
Almost everyone fights by the fourth day.
But I have very surprising
and good news for you today.
We will be the first group to go up to
the Saint Michael the Archangel statue.
It has never been shown
to average tourists
and it won't be in the future either.
Aren't you excited to go up
to the closest place to Heaven?
Really?
It's surprising, indeed.
Are we supposed to walk up there?
- Are you going?
- Of course.
- It's closest to Heaven.
- Geez.
It's just another observatory.
It's windy and cold up there.
Just stay here.
Gosh, I'm going up.
- I told you to stay.
- I'm going up.
Are you crazy?
Okay, let's go up.
- Yes.
- Huh?
Let's go.
It'd be nice to go up together
but there's a limit for safety
and cultural reasons.
First, you two will come up with me
and you can go up after we come down.
Are you okay with going up last?
Yes, we don't mind.
If you get tired, let me know
so we can take a break.
Let's go.
You can do it, sir.
[Your computer is in use.
Would you like remote access?]
[Ma Ru]
Hey.
- Where are you?
- Home.
Whose home?
- Did you leave yet?
- Are you going through my computer?
Yeah.
Did the company tell you
to find the file and erase it?
Come back. Let's talk then.
You're going to look through everything
from the most recent file, right?
Yeah.
Then, you'll find it.
Probably. It'll take some time though.
I used steganography.
Erase it if you want. But...
you'll have to remember
what you're about to erase.
I'll take it now.
One, two, three.
This is crazy.
- Why?
- It turned out perfectly.
- Let's frame it.
- Sure.
[Loading...]
[World Pharmaceuticals,
Illegal Drug Testing Report]
[Delete]
[Would you like to delete this folder?]
[Deleting...]
[The folder has been deleted.]
Hang in there.
Geez, seriously.
You're playing with me.
These are just rocks.
What is there to see?
What is it?
Why are you crying? Go back down.
The wind will make your cold worse.
Boss, I mean, Big Brother. Did she
really come to Mont Saint-Michel?
So So? I told you I don't know.
I never told you anything.
You said you needed to send a car
for an early leaver by 1 p.m.
I did?
I don't think So So went there.
I looked everywhere. I'll find her
eventually, so just tell me, Big Brother.
So So really didn't go there.
Really? Can you swear it
on your mother's life?
Hey, how dare you put my mother
on the line? I'm hanging up.
Big Brother! Boss! Big Brother! Mister!
Damn it.
[Don't do this.]
Sumimasen.
("I'm sorry" in Japanese.)
"Sumimasen"? This bastard.
Excuse me! Excuse me...
Do you know these people?
You know?
Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes!
They're up at the top?
They're at the top?
The tower top?
They said we're at an angel's feet.
It's supposedly
the closest place to Heaven.
They say, if we confess our love,
our love will be blessed by God.
How can I go to the top?
I mean...
Hurry, hurry. "King road."
I mean, route A, route B.
I go to A or B?
Yes... Thank you, thank you.
Damn it.
Sir, this is Sumimasen.
This is my sister.
I need to go and catch them.
I mean... I'm going up there!
I got it! Okay. Okay.
Look!
How did you get back?
I turned the car around.
You asked me not to leave.
I swear, I'll remember your face.
You'd better watch out.
Why are you so late?
It's time to go back down.
It was so high up there
that I was scared.
You should have held my hand.
It was scary just standing up there.
I wonder how scared the builders were.
How did they lift so many rocks
without a fork crane?
It's not a fork crane, but a tower crane.
Anyway, it would have been scary.
I couldn't even dream of doing it myself.
That's true.
You get scared pretty easily.
That's why you can't watch horror movies.
I guess there's nothing
we can't do if we overcome our fears.
Yeah, that's why people go to boot camp.
That's why I thought about
why we're still dating.
Maybe we're not dating
because we love each other.
Maybe we're just too scared to break up.
What do you mean?
It's exactly how it sounds.
Right now...
we don't love each other.
We're just scared of breaking up.
Should we... break up now?
How can she look so calm?
As if there's nothing more to fear...
Hey, Yoon So So!
Please wait.
I ran away.
I ran away far, far away from him.
Run away.
Move, Sumimasen.
It's not like...
love is that special anyway.
There's no reason to jadedly
hold on to each other like this.
I said I'm sorry. Don't be mad.
I'm not mad.
It's weird, but I'm not mad at all.
I... don't want to be scared anymore.
Let's end it here.
I won't call you disloyal, so leave.
I'll leave too.
I'm sorry.
I'm late, aren't I?
Love was the easiest.
Except when she cried.
Except when she was angry.
Except when she was
having a hard time.
And aside from when
she wouldn't look at me...
love was the easiest.
Subtitles by DramaFever
Yes, Ma Ru. Where are you?
- Do you see me?
- I told you not to go there!
You could die!
- I'm not dead though.
- You're driving me crazy!
You're dead.
So So, is anything wrong?
How can I be calm? Do you want
to be stuck here? Follow me!
We have to stay until the tide goes down.
It'll go down by tomorrow morning.
- Pardon?
- We can leave tomorrow morning.